hello guys it's me and today I'm going
to tell you how to get really amazing
graphics to Skyrim without any kind of
modding or such and as you can see I'm
playing on xbox I'm not losing mods
believe me I'm playing it's an Argonian
just I just create a new character I
just want it that way as you can see it
looks really kind of cool looks pretty
cool yeah it does
I call this guy move all anyway how'd it
get amazing graphics like to this tier
Scylla it's pretty easy I'll actually
show you right now how do you get it so
we're on Xbox dashboard right now and
keeping in camera in my hand sorry about
that I'm just giving it so what are we
gonna do first is we go yeah Skyrim
you're going to game details
they got upload I'm a download or
whatever get them to your hard drive
then you're gonna go to settings press
here system go to cancel stinks
first display HD peewee settings and
thousand eight eighty P or 2008 doesn't
really matter then you're gonna do like
this so okay I'm going to stop recording
right now I'm gonna start recording
again soon so see you later
I really don't know if you can see
anything but in a way so then in back of
your xbox there should be something like
this this thingy
and then here you go
the button sets t we and HDTV you're
gonna put it to HDTV like this Sonic CD
t we this touch books now then you're
gonna put this really really good with
all the shadows every single detail
everything looks pretty amazing so yeah
just how you can make sky look like
really amazing don't you think it's hard
to play with one hand all the details
everything pretty really cool it looks
just amazing seriously
yeah looks like PC version it amazing
graphics yeah really amazing really
really amazing don't you think and this
is how it looks after you've done all
this I'm going to show you how it looks
before he's done all this and here we go
Skyrim before we've done anything to it
yeah it's looks so so ugly
really oh I got disconnected anyway look
at how ugly it looks like no details no
good shadows no details there
nothing look at the water you I am just
look the water it looks horrible it's so
so this is how your sky looks if you if
you have done anything to it like this
yeah it's not good
it looks amazingly horrible
so this is why you should do everything
that I did to your xbox and to get your
games looked even more better so if you
enjoyed please subscribe me well stop
programming any way let anyway subscribe
to my channel like the video and leave a
comment